ENG-2413 - Phone number verified/claim additions (#3612)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/endpoints.mdx

  <APIField name="jti" type="String">
    The unique identifier of the access token.
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="phone_number" type="String" since="1.50.0">

>     The phone number of the User if available. <InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> or <InlineField>user.mobilePhone</InlineField> will be used in order of precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The phone number of the User if available. <InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> or <InlineField>user.mobilePhone</InlineField> will be used in this order of precedence.
```

Author: Fixed

>     If available, the phone number of the User (<InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> or <InlineField>user.mobilePhone</InlineField> will be used in order of precedence).

Author: Fixed

>     If available, the phone number of the User (<InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> and <InlineField>user.mobilePhone</InlineField> will be used in order of precedence).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If available, the phone number of the User (<InlineField>user.phoneNumber</InlineField> or <InlineField>user.mobilePhone</InlineField> will be used in this order of precedence).
```
Existing wording is a bit fuzzy that this is the order of precedence and it's only one number. 
(and repeat for other places)

Author: Thanks. Fixed.

  </APIField>

>   <APIField name="phone_number_verified" type="Boolean" since="1.99.9">

Reviewer 3: ?
